The camera is getting closer.
Paul takes his camera and films his big sister.
The children are playing in the yard.
Zoom in on a sheet.
Fade to black.
The scene ends.
The film starts.
Shooting in a natural setting.
The film is shot with a Super 8 camera.
The bloom is in the field.
A cow grazes in a field. Flowers invade the fields. The cameras are visible on the screen. You're be able to move you body
She moves steadily across the board heading straight towards Ron's black horse.
Just then the door opens and it's Ilsa.
Laszlo and Ilsa enter Renault's office.
He lights up and begins to hum 'The Way You Look Tonight' strolling along the wall looking at more photographs.
They are here for us.
Our house is front of you.
Are you ok with that.
I hope this the end.
They share with us the same dream.
And he discovered a treasure.
When all the lights in the road have been extinguished the old gentleman lowers the metal object and flicks it shut.
He is exhausted.
He is going to the restaurant.
We are going to catch the bus.
He went to the store
He was going to catch the bus
He is going to the restaurant
And he discovered a treasure. When all the lights in the road have been extinguished the old gentleman lowers the metal object and flicks it shut all the lights in the road have been extinguished the old gentleman lowers the metal object and flicks it shut all the lights in the road have been extinguished the old gentleman lowers the metal object and flicks it shut.
She will be agreed to do that.
She could be a little more careful about her own safety.
He is trapped in the snake house.
One of the letters is sealed with wax.
The Dursleys are terrified.
She smiles.
He went to his home. And he discovered a treasure.
They have landed on something soft.
Watching the merciless white queen Harry suddenly understands the game that Ron is playing.
They were very happy.
Watching the merciless white queen Harry suddenly understands the game that Ron is playing.
Inside the house the strong beam of the old man's torch flickers over dusty wooden paneling and a grandfather clock festooned with cobwebs
He turns off his torch as he hears voices from an open doorway.
The snake appears and slithers through the doorway towards a figure hidden in an armchair.